Skip inlining Custom Task (#656)
openshift-pipelines/pipelines-as-code: docs/content/docs/guide/resolver.md

If you have a reference to a
[`ClusterTask`](https://github.com/tektoncd/pipeline/blob/main/docs/tasks.md#task-vs-clustertask)
, a
[`Bundle`](https://github.com/tektoncd/pipeline/blob/main/docs/pipelines.md#tekton-bundles)
 (`Task` or `Pipeline`)

> or a [Custom Task](https://github.com/tektoncd/pipeline/blob/main/docs/pipelines.md#using-custom-tasks)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or a [Custom Task](https://tekton.dev/docs/pipelines/runs/#specifying-the-target-custom-task)
```
